hello everyone its Alena and I'm back
for another video and today we're going
to be reacting to cam fest posts campus
is a Facebook page where our Cambridge
students can go to and confess
anonymously to pretty much anything so
yeah let's see what kind of things
people are confessing to am I the only
one who developed a crush on the person
next to me in exams was making it very
difficult to concentrate yes you are the
only one our exams we Came we saw we
were conquered welcome to Cambridge
where the only inspiration you have is
the immense stress that you experience
but hey at least you can turn your
trauma into art really hope my next
girlfriend is called epithelia so she
can put me like the histology exams it
okay I have no idea what histology is
but I guess that exam was bad honestly
like how I'm gonna take this person to
come up with this line it's actually
pretty funny can we all just finally
accept that Kings lefties I'm not real F
T's stop pretending
okay so for those of you don't know
there is this notion in Cambridge that
King's College is filled with champagne
socialism and I don't know how true that
is because I don't go to Kings and I
just don't have enough experience with
it but I do remember that the one time I
just came here there was a communist
flag in there a bar coffee shop or
whatever it is so yeah that's that
friendly reminder that ahead of May week
a friend suffering from a low mood might
need caring as much as a friend who said
too much drink etc even if it isn't as
miserable yes that's really important
and that's something I really like about
campus because campus isn't just about
funny stuff like there is a lot of jokes
on campus and you know it can be really
fun to read campus but campus also gives
space to more serious posts and I really
like that mix and I don't know how to do
it but I feel like I strike a very good
balance can boys be like I like you I
like you too but I can't get into a
relationship right now
welcome to Cambridge we're dating
usually means ghosting what even is down
in college sending a letter to my home
address before I've even graduated
asking me to donate money I'm speechless
well I mean this billion pound endowment
didn't come from nothing some easy bio
netsuke subjects is there
to be put into the arts category welcome
to Cambridge where you're really only a
student once you've started telling
people that their course really isn't
that hard I see so much negativity about
Cambridge and I'm pretty sure it's
election buyers so to counter it
Cambridge culture is great and not just
for the upper classes
I'm common as muck the workload is huge
but at least you're getting value for
money
traditions are fun and important I love
most of the people here and I wouldn't
be anywhere else I agree my first year
really you know went downhill you don't
know what happened
link in the info box below but honestly
I still love Cambridge and I've made
such great memories and even though you
know campus has some pretty dark jokes
about very very heavy workload and stuff
I do think that you know generally
people still love Cambridge at least
that's very true for me and and all
honesty even though you know my first
year doing go as planned I'm still super
super grateful to be there and I
wouldn't change it wrote this well drunk
have no idea what it means lol but what
BS can you love come up with okay here
we go the demons that inhabit the screen
give no mercy but a demanding in their
exact meant who is to feel their pain as
they ride their way to their lusty lofty
goals but these are vacant and they're
white and will not guide to the true
pasture out I have no clue what this
means if you guys have a good
interpretation let me know in the
comments below or you can send me a
message for the context section of my
blog which is linked in the infobox
below but in all honesty I have no clue
what this means I mean it sounds pretty
dark and kind of interesting but it just
doesn't make a lot of sense recently
coined a new term can fun when you're
having a great fun old time but the
occasional prank of guilt then you
should be working stops you from really
enjoying Oxford Dictionary where are you
also did a law student write this
because they trademarked it does anyone
has the stats on Cambridge alumni in
prison asking for a friend
can we have a shane dawson style
documentary on this asking for a friend
I submit crushed bridges to myself so
people will think I'm desirable I love
the lengths to which this person would
go just you know make up where people
think that they're desirable but those
of you guys who don't know crush bridge
is another Facebook
Paige we're Cambridge students talk
about their crushes because yes
sometimes we like to pretend that we
actually have enough time to have a love
life Cambridge colleges as songs Christ
College and the pressure at the top of
Tompkins table okay let's just skip the
rest because I feel like everybody just
looks for their own college or maybe
that's just me but anyway where is Jones
there we go
st. John's money money money must be
funny in a rich man's world
I know I cannot sing so you don't need
to put this into comments um but um I
feel like this is such a bad stereotype
about Jones and I just quickly wanted to
address this because st. John's College
is known as a bit of a posh College and
a college for rich kids and I just think
that's really not true I'm a student at
John's and I'm a John's with the help of
the bursaries and the scholarship and I
would not be a Jones if I wouldn't
receive this financial help from the
college and I just feel like that if you
you know make these posts and then you
know potential applicants read it they
just think that John's is a college
where only people who are rich can go to
and so they don't apply but honestly
John's has amazing financial support for
students who cannot afford to come to
Cambridge because their parents just
don't earn enough money and John is such
an open community and I have never
experienced that I've been disadvantaged
in anything because I couldn't afford it
and so in all honesty I think this is
such a misconception and it's really not
fair to college when your supervisor
tells you how much you've improved yes
after weeks of being told that you suck
even though you're not that terrible
anymore will cheer you up
Deven diagram of chem students that
porter their neighbors before midnight
and chem students that Vettori is a
perfect circle I mean I don't know about
the accuracy of this but I love that
this is what went through someone's head
when they heard about people getting
ported at midnight also its portent a
real word I don't know I mean I guess it
just means that you call the porters on
them so that they stop them from making
noise but is that a real word I don't
know let me know in the comments if you
know library place for breakdowns and
people going crazy
you haven't been to
Brij if you haven't seen or experienced
at least one emotional breakdown in the
library I wonder how the histology
department feels knowing your subject is
universally hated and never properly
learned stupid subject well I guess aft
was the civil law department Cambridge
must be one of the only places where
people assumed to house keys means
having a second home in the country
France etc not just mum's house and
dad's house I love this but honestly at
the Cambridge student I've never like
ever assumed that to tell you exams
ending is time to go hog-wild but
actually all I've been doing is they
drinking alone and going to sleep at
8:30 and frankly I've never felt better
you do you girl I mean whatever makes
you happy it sounds a bit lovely but if
it makes you happy after exams you do
you I wonder what it feels like to enjoy
your degree that's the mood you'll be
enough to write in two essays in a week
and reading a thousand pages while
writing the essays the Cambridge
University Museum spawned upsets me what
wait let me google it okay so all I've
been finding is just you know pictures
of the museum's
and okay there's things University of
Cambridge museums and Botanic Gardens
but that looks like the university font
doesn't it okay let's see what else we
have
oh the Museum of Zoology is that from
Cambridge apparently okay that one is a
bit basic admittedly what does it upset
me no I have bigger problems than the
museum font but it's ok if you're
sensitive does everyone find a
significant average University I'm a
finalist and I've never been in a
relationship and with graduation in less
than three weeks I'm terrified that I've
missed the boat to meet people that I
have a real chance to start something
special with I think I just read my
future that's probably going to be me in
two years time I mean let's wait for the
vlog of my graduation but I guess that's
probably going to be it and yes that's
it for today's video I hope you guys
enjoyed this and found it a little bit
funny and if you guys have a good
interpretation off that drunk poem
please let me know in the comments below
because I was quite confused by it and
yeah thank you guys so much for watching
this video have a nice day
by